# Video Stitcher Application

This application stitches together video frames to create panoramic images, featuring an interactive GUI for user input and control. Built with Python, using Tkinter for the GUI and OpenCV for image processing, it is designed for efficient and accessible video handling.

## Features

- **Video Frame Stitching**: Stitch video frames into a single panoramic image.
- **Interactive GUI**: Provides interactive controls to start processing, move through the canvas, and adjust image properties.
- **Customize photo cropping**: The user can customize the range of black pixels or use a specific direction to filter the black area for cropping.
- **Image Editing**: Edit the resulting image for brightness, contrast, and other properties.

## Prerequisites

Before running this application, you must install the following Python packages:
- numpy
- opencv-python (cv2)
- Pillow (PIL)
- Tkinter (typically included with Python)

You can install the necessary packages via pip:

```bash
pip install numpy
pip install opencv-python 
pip install pillow
```

## Usage

To run the application:
```bash
python gui.py
```
Upon launching:

- Use the Select Video button to choose a video file.
- Click Start Processing to begin stitching.
- Navigate through the image using directional controls.
- Custom parameters crop the black area generated by the panoramic image.
- If the user clicks the "Trim black edges" button without input parameters, then the three parameters are considered as "5, 0.33, both" by default.
- Adjust image settings such as brightness and contrast using the sliders.
- The adjustment of any parameters in the image editor is irreversible. The user can reset the image and parameters by using the "reset image" button.

## File Description
- gui.py: The main script that initializes the GUI and handles user interactions, cropping of picture's black part.
- stitcher.py: Contains functions for processing the video and stitching frames.
- utils.py: Utility functions for logging and file checking.